CSCB58 Project Report: Winter 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: William
Last Name: Song
Student Number: 1004152070
UofT E-mail Address: willy.song@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Abhivyakti
Last Name: Ahuja
Student Number: 1004599696
UofT E-mail Address: abhivyakti.ahuja@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Rebecca
Last Name: Reid
Student Number: 1003429587
UofT E-mail Address: rebecca.reid@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Guikang
Last Name: Zhong
Student Number: 1004304807
UofT E-mail Address: guikang.zhong@mail.utoronto.ca


Project Plan
--------

Project Title:
Asteroids

Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
Re-create the classic cabinet arcade game Asteroids. In Asteroids, the player controls a ship that starts in the middle of the screen. Around them are asteroids that move across the screen along a linear path. If the player collides with one of these asteroids, they lose their ship and the game. The player has the capability to turn their ship, move it around the screen, and from the ship to destroy asteroids.

What is your plan for the first week?
Working display
Create Player
	Sprite (maybe?)
	Orientation based on direction of joystick
		Joystick noise reducer (we might be able to get the code off somewhere)
	Shooting based on button press
	


What is your plan for the second week?
Create Asteroids
	Sprite (at least 2x2 box)
	Interaction with getting shot


What is your plan for the third week?
Player movement
	Direction based on direction of second joystick


What is your backup plan if things don’t work out as planned?
Features are ordered in necessity, player movement will be removed if necessary


Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>


[This is an example of a report where things didn't go so well.]
Week 1: 
	We added and tested the sensors and the main FSM. 
	The distance sensor we had intended to use didn't work as expected (wasn't precise enough at further distances, only seems to work accurately within 5-10cm), so instead we've decided to change the project to use a light sensor instead.
	Had trouble getting the FSM to work (kept getting stuck in state 101, took longer to debug than expected), so we may not be able to add the high score feature. We have updated that in the project description as an optional feature.



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>



Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public>

